User Guide update - 3D Styling for vector data (#8420)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/layer-settings.md

<img src="../img/layer-settings/point_3dtiles_visual.jpg" class="ms-docimage">

#### Styling of Vector layer

In [3D Navigation](side-bar.md#3d-navigation), [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) allows to customize the style of the *Vector layer* with the same characteristics of the [Visual Style Editor](layer-settings.md#visual-editor-style) as described in the previous chapter.

!!!Warning
    For the Vector layer, the *Cesium Style Editor* have some limitations:

    * It's possible to apply only one type of symbolizer at the time, so if the rule editor shows multiple rule with the same filter, only the first one is used.
    
    * For the *Line symbolizers*: the *Line cap* and *Line join* options are not available as properties in Cesium

Furthermore, [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) adds some customization options, for **WFS layers**, in the *Cesium Style Editor* which are:

* **Bring to front** to bring the Mark or the Icon in front of the **3d Tiles** layer (This option is available for Icon and Mark symbolizers).

<img src="../img/layer-settings/bring-to-front.jpg" class="ms-docimage">

> * **Polygon type** to choose whether the classification should affect `3D`, `Terrain` or `Both`. (This option is available for File symbolizers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Polygon type** to choose whether the classification, drape effect, should affect `3D`, `Terrain` or `Both`. (This option is available for Fill symbolizers)
```

<img src="../img/layer-settings/polygon-type.jpg" class="ms-docimage">

> * **Clap to ground** to enable/disable the boolean Property specifying whether the polyline should be clamped to the ground (This option is available for Line and File symbolizers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Clap to ground** to enable/disable the boolean Property specifying whether the polyline should be clamped to the ground (This option is available for Line and Fill symbolizers).
```
